we make are made as well stuff that we
haven't probably have already done so
this is here my personal crap that I
don't have room for at my house that's
pretty much immediately that like for
Sarah's upcoming video attic cinema
camera back when they started for
surprise hang on holy balls that's way
too expensive and then now with how
expensive all the other production
equipment we have is I just gotta go
okay that's wicked
so this is a Sony
seven hundred which is about a seven and
a half thousand dollar camera now I
think this lens is another 800 or so
that's some camera thing that rather has
a heart before he was born himself and
still insisted that I violence if you
use it this is a conversion to side
Odyssey 7q so this will allow us to
record 4k Pro res for uniform have no
idea what it takes to make really well I
guess you didn't have to be watching
this is our green screen so this is
where we shoot fast as possible it used
to be on like a self constructed white
wall that I built in my garage but
become an actual change game is much
more effective these lights are our old
lights so we just used them to
illuminate green screen they actually
have these type up is like janky plastic
color to whatever they're in their blood
janky plastic color changer things in
there I want to get new lights and I
want to have the ceiling mounted so the
idea will be that you wire the law to
one switch just kind of go boom and then
we're ready to shoot as fast as possible
because the amount of time that we waste
thinking around with getting the lights
positioned and then fixing it in
post-production is just not worth it
here's where the storm trooper lives
until I get around to dressing up the
mannequin and then this is the
networking hub which I probably should
be doing one because it is so here's the
fiber box here's the cable box here's
like all the routers here we were going
to go change
this is what we use for our voiceovers
so I've actually done an unboxing and
this is a video editors Keys SL
over in the kitchen here you I guess
you're seeing what the process is for me
roll so you know a lot of work goes into
getting things all finish off it's funny
if you come over here behind shifted
like we do this problem because we don't
exactly have like a commercial size
dumpster back yard I think that's mostly
it for the for the oh yes right because
the hassle and money involved
unlock the stage line or go into the
cell
blegh one for every week of the month so
you don't have to choose between the
options on writing our last email across
your face it's the legendary okay so
here's the stuff from last week's garage
sale definition about this is the
executive bathroom that no one uses
because
no structure this is the water cooling
closet so this would be spraying
audience